# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

This is the README.md for Project 0 of the CS50 Web Programming with Python and JavaScript course offered by Harvard on edx.org

This project consists of a small website that implements the requested features as described in the Project 0 description on the course website. It has some succinct biographical details for me, the author.

Below is a short description of the files that are part of the website:

education.html : This html file consists of a table detailing my academic career> It implements the table that was requested in the project description and uses css to demonstrate styles associated with the table tag.

general.css : This is the css file used by each of the html files in the websiteproject. It is generated by "sass" from the general.scss file.

general.css.map : The map file created by "sass" when it is invoked to transpile the .scss into a valid .css file.

general.scss : see above - the source .scss file used to generate the .css file used by each html file in the project.

hobbies.html : This html file is an ordered list of hobbies. It demonstrates scss inheritance and nesting by adopting the attributes of unordered lists and extending the definition to change the text color.

index.html : The home page of the project. It has an unordered list of links to the other pages. 
locations.html : This is an html file that demonstrates the Grid mechanism of Bootstrap. It has Google Map satellite screenshots of the places where I've lived. Each screenshot is linked to a Wikipedia article about the location.

maggie.png : An image of our pet dog.

pets.html : This is an html file implementing the requested display of an image. 

README.md : This file.

satellites : A directory containing the screenshots of the Google Map satellite photos of each location where I've lived. 

work.html : This is an html file that details my employment history. It uses scss inheritance to change the color of postgraduate employment.

WpUrls.txt : A text file containing the URLs for each of the locations in locations.html, included for reasons of completeness
